[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome to another
university vlog so at the moment I am
just cleaning so that is basically what
the majority of my morning focused on I
just wanted to get the whole room clean
ready for the week ahead so here I was
just cleaning the mini kitchenette in my
room I was just doing some washing up
and also washing down the countertops
because they were a little bit Robbie
and so next I decided to write for to-do
list and I was using the cream extension
momentum I get so many questions about
that actually so here I was just
cleaning my desk so I decided to take
everything off and then I just cleaned
and it's impacted the top of the desk
and I also disinfected the things that
were on my desk so for example I was
just cleaning my laptop here
so then I decided to actually just take
down everything from my pin board and
put everything up so it looked a little
bit neater because I didn't really like
the way that it was nothing
and the next I decided to hear from my
room because it was in desperate need of
a Hoover and I finally managed to find
Henry over here so I'm really really
really glad to have done that because my
room was just looking horrible
so the next thing that I did was meal
prep so here I was just planning the
meals that I wanted to eat for the next
two weeks and I was using my hungry
student vegan cookbook which was kindly
brought for me by a really close family
friend Jo and her family so thank you so
much if you're watching this and I was
also using the app tasty so then here I
just decided to organize my kitchen
drawer which basically holds all of my
kitchenware things and I also decided to
sort out my toiletry straw so basically
this is where I keep all of my
toiletries it's this little plastic
drawer underneath my sink in my bathroom
and it's just so useful
[Music]
okay so I'm sorry that I haven't
actually properly vlog today it's just
been a few time lapses I just wanted to
say that I just had a chat with Liz and
Karl who basically are on the same floor
as me and we were chatting for probably
about an hour which was really lovely
it's really nice to kind of catch up
because Liz actually went for concerts
yesterday so I didn't see her basically
since Thursday actually okay so I'm
actually finally going to get on to
doing some lecture prep work so the
first thing I'm going to do is just
finish reading this let's see I printed
this so small I can hardly read it but I
don't want to go all the way over to the
library to print at the Angus it's quite
a trap so I'm gonna read this and then
I've got some theology prep to do as
well so that's the plan so actually
finally a mini study with me which I
haven't posted for such a long time but
study with me as will start to go up
quite regularly once I start University
properly as in once I start getting work
from my lecturers consider it a pre
lecture sort of things about forests now
so I'm thinking of doing some lecture
prep until maybe about 5:30 and then I
want to make a peach pie because I've
never really made a peach pie before and
I bought the ingredients for that so I'm
gonna make that I kinda do get an early
night I might do some more lecture prep
for maybe 42 minutes to an hour and then
I want to watch the sound with Annie and
then do some reading and then probably
go to bed let's get on with reading this
and trying to make sure that I absorb
everything but at the same time it
doesn't feel like I'm being very
efficient because I'm taking such a long
time reading such a small amount so yeah
I'm gonna try and keep an eye on that I
need to be efficient in this otherwise
it's probably not going to work in the
long run
oh by the way I've been asked countless
times now start doing an outfit of the
day every day on these vlogs so I'm
gonna stop doing that this top it's in
one of my favorite colors with all these
colored stripes and I got this a mirror
in the Lake District and then I'm just
wearing jeans raining jeans I yesterday
ones are from Johnny B I really love
Johnny B these jeans are just so
comfortable they're quite baggy I guess
if you look at the shape last but not
least I am pretty much obsessed with
fat-face socks so I'm wearing this pad
so here I was just doing a reading for
philosophy evidence in the argument this
was on reconstructing arguments and I
believe that we're going to be looking
at this text in a couple of weeks so I
just decided to go through it I also do
the activities this is basically pure
logic so it's going through how to
construct a logical argument and the
activity is actually so helpful
okay please excuse excuse the mess which
has come about from me making this but I
have just made a mini peach pie
it doesn't look fantastic but it looks
tasty and that's the main thing so we've
just got some kind of puff pastry crust
and then it's oats and peaches and
cinnamon and sugar in the middle and a
little bit weasel nut milk tears
so the next thing I decided to do with
some research on the gamer Bible which I
knew we would be looking at in our
lecture the next day so I just thought I
would do some context research and read
some articles so that I had a better
understanding of what we would be
looking at the next day
and then here I was looking through some
readings which I found to do with
origins of Christianity and there was a
reading there and so I was just going
through and writing little definitions
of the words that I didn't know
thinking about getting into bed watching
someone with an E and reading my bag is
a little packed to me first leave
University one thing I'm not bringing is
my laptop okay so this has been such a
lovely relaxing Sunday I've really
enjoyed it
I finished my PI which was amazing the
one thing I do want to do is just
quickly do some meal prep so I've got a
recipe for pasta that I'm gonna make
quickly and then I'll eat that now and
then I'll save it for a to this week as
well